src/mdxpages/2024-sweden-rugby-league-iceland-international.mdx, before:

---
title: Sweden Rugby League 
path: /2024-sweden-rugby-league-iceland-international
date: 2024-11-15
author: Sweden Rugby League
imageSrc: images/2022-sweden-rugby-league-netherlands-international.jpg
---
Sweden Rugby League are delighted to announce that after a break in 2023 they will be back in action before the end of the year. This will provide Sweden with an opportunity to return to play and sees them looking to build on their previous outing, where they defeated Poland 50 - 16 in 2019.

While Sweden have found themselves inhibited by the pandemic, the Netherlands managed to play the only International Rugby League fixture in 2020, beating their neighbours Germany. This match almost didn't take place due to several disruptions caused by changes in local Covid regulations, forcing a late change of location. They overcame Germany again in 2021 and also competed in the European D Championships in Turkey, emerging as the champions after wins against Malta and the Czech Republic. This strong run of form has seen them climb the international rankings to reach 14th in the world.

Previous meetings between the two countries have gone in the Netherlands' favour, holding off a late Swedish charge in 2017 to edge a close game in Amsterdam, followed by a more comfortable victory in 2018 in Göteborg.

SRL President, Sebastian Johnson-Cadwell, had the following to say after announcing the fixture, “We’re really excited to take on the Dutch boys again after the COVID break. They’re a great side and we’ll need to be at our best for this fixture. We play rugby for the challenge and are really looking forward to it. SRL are in talks with other nations for additional test matches this year - stay tuned for more.”

Companies or individuals wishing to support Sweden Rugby League are encouraged to [contact us](https://www.swedenrugbyleague.com/contact) as soon as possible with opportunities ranging from national shirt principal sponsor to individual player sponsorship still available.

Players who would like to represent Sweden in the future are also advised to contact us promptly and come along to training at their local [club](https://www.swedenrugbyleague.com/clubs).

Squad:

Commit message:

feat: Sweden - Iceland blog post

src/mdxpages/2024-sweden-rugby-league-iceland-international.mdx, after:

---
title: Sweden Rugby League 
path: /2024-sweden-rugby-league-iceland-international
date: 2024-11-15
author: Sweden Rugby League
imageSrc: images/2024-sweden-rugby-league-iceland-international.jpg
---
Sweden Rugby League are delighted to announce that after a break in 2023 they will be back in action before the end of the year. This time we will be breaking new ground and taking the game to Iceland who have recently celebrated their first rugby league fixture against our neighbours Norway.

SRL President, Sebastian Johnson-Cadwell, had the following to say after announcing the fixture, “We’re really excited to take on the Icelandic boys after their recent debut fixture. The Norwegians Pioneer side that visited gave them a hard game so they'll be keen to take the lessons they've learned from that match and put them into practise against us. The SRL are in talks with other nations for test matches in the new year so stay tuned for more.”

Companies or individuals wishing to support Sweden Rugby League are encouraged to [contact us](https://www.swedenrugbyleague.com/contact) as soon as possible with opportunities ranging from national shirt principal sponsor to individual player sponsorship still available.

Players who would like to represent Sweden in the future are also advised to contact us promptly and come along to training at their local [club](https://www.swedenrugbyleague.com/clubs).

Squad: Sam Cammell, Terry Vaa, Luta Fryxell, Gareth Saltonstall, Thomas Hermansson Albers, Mark Beveridge, Tim Johansson, Theodor Karlsson, Karl Hoade, Robin Fransson, Aukuistino Chadwick, Casey Steele, Mak Jelec Dozo, Will Kraus Widlund, Richard Sabelberg, Sebastian Hylander, Tobias Magnusson, Tobias Nilsson, Paris GA
Head Coach: Sebastian Johnson-Cadwell
